links.md, before:

# Web Design
## Colour Palettes
https://colorhunt.co/

## Developer Reference
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/

https://devdocs.io/

## CSS Positioning
http://www.brainjar.com/css/positioning/default.asp

## HTML
Creating tree views: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_treeview.asp

Creating tabs: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_tabs.asp

## Packages
Data table: https://datatables.net/download/

# Encoding
## Joel Spolsky's "minimums"
https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/

# Project Ideas
## Command line
https://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/7m92i1/coding_idea_write_a_commandline_utility/

## JavaScript
https://skillcrush.com/blog/projects-you-can-do-with-javascript/

## Web apps
https://www.codementor.io/@mahil/10-web-app-ideas-you-can-build-as-side-projects-1bimcrdepx

# Software Testing
## Use case testing and traceability
https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/use-case-testing/

https://sqa.stackexchange.com/questions/6088/difference-between-requirement-use-case-and-scenario

https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/rational/library/04/r-3217/

https://www.guru99.com/traceability-matrix.html

# Design Patterns and Architecture
## .NET
https://www.dofactory.com/net/design-patterns
Winforms MPV: https://grantwinney.com/its-possible-to-test-a-winforms-app-using-mvp/
Winforms MVP, multiple views: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42937593/winforms-mvp-pattern-w-multiple-views

# Electron
## Brad Traversy's intro videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kN1Czs0m1SU

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr9Mtm_TRpw

## Tips
https://blog.axosoft.com/electron-things-to-know/

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/lessons-learned-from-electronjs/

## Sqlite
https://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch002076.htm

## Running background processes
https://medium.com/swlh/how-to-run-background-worker-processes-in-an-electron-app-e0dc310a93cc

## Packaging
https://www.christianengvall.se/electron-packager-tutorial/

# Version Control
## Git best practices
https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/165725/git-branching-and-tagging-best-practices

# JavaScript
`var`, `let` and `const`: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/var-let-and-const-whats-the-difference/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64348453/how-to-use-a-progress-bar-in-electron

Import and require: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46677752/the-difference-between-requirex-and-import-x#:~:text=The%20major%20difference%20between%20require,The%20future%20version%20of%20Node.

Modules: https://javascript.info/modules-intro

db.Serialize: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41949724/how-does-db-serialize-work-in-node-sqlite3

Commit message:

add links to useful sites for web design and wireframing

links.md, after:

# Web Design
## Colour Palettes
https://colorhunt.co/

## Developer Reference
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/

https://devdocs.io/

## CSS Positioning
http://www.brainjar.com/css/positioning/default.asp

## HTML
Creating tree views: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_treeview.asp

Creating tabs: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_tabs.asp

## Packages
Data table: https://datatables.net/download/

## Wireframing, design and mockups
UI design patterns: http://ui-patterns.com/
Templates for wireframing: https://sneakpeekit.com/

# Encoding
## Joel Spolsky's "minimums"
https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/

# Project Ideas
## Command line
https://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/7m92i1/coding_idea_write_a_commandline_utility/

## JavaScript
https://skillcrush.com/blog/projects-you-can-do-with-javascript/

## Web apps
https://www.codementor.io/@mahil/10-web-app-ideas-you-can-build-as-side-projects-1bimcrdepx

# Software Testing
## Use case testing and traceability
https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/use-case-testing/

https://sqa.stackexchange.com/questions/6088/difference-between-requirement-use-case-and-scenario

https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/rational/library/04/r-3217/

https://www.guru99.com/traceability-matrix.html

# Design Patterns and Architecture
## .NET
https://www.dofactory.com/net/design-patterns
Winforms MPV: https://grantwinney.com/its-possible-to-test-a-winforms-app-using-mvp/
Winforms MVP, multiple views: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42937593/winforms-mvp-pattern-w-multiple-views

# Electron
## Brad Traversy's intro videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kN1Czs0m1SU

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr9Mtm_TRpw

## Tips
https://blog.axosoft.com/electron-things-to-know/

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/lessons-learned-from-electronjs/

## Sqlite
https://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch002076.htm

## Running background processes
https://medium.com/swlh/how-to-run-background-worker-processes-in-an-electron-app-e0dc310a93cc

## Packaging
https://www.christianengvall.se/electron-packager-tutorial/

# Version Control
## Git best practices
https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/165725/git-branching-and-tagging-best-practices

# JavaScript
`var`, `let` and `const`: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/var-let-and-const-whats-the-difference/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64348453/how-to-use-a-progress-bar-in-electron

Import and require: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46677752/the-difference-between-requirex-and-import-x#:~:text=The%20major%20difference%20between%20require,The%20future%20version%20of%20Node.

Modules: https://javascript.info/modules-intro

db.Serialize: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41949724/how-does-db-serialize-work-in-node-sqlite3
